{"community": "0-1", "summary": "Nimish Tiwari, who is associated with the Indian Institute of Information Technology in Una, Gondia - 441614, Maharashtra, India, has earned a B.Tech. degree in Electronics & Communication Engineering. This degree was obtained from the Indian Institute of Information Technology Una, Himachal Pradesh, with a score of 8.67/10 and the course was pursued from 2020 till present. You can reach out to Nimish via his phone number +91-9665499462 or his email at nimishtiwari02@gmail.com. For more information, visit Nimish's LinkedIn profile at www.linkedin.com/in/nimish-tiwari-5b4091229 or his GitHub page at github.com/phoenix-maker."}
{"community": "0-4", "summary": "Longshot Ai is a company that operated from July 2023 to January 2024, focusing on Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, and Generative AI in a remote setting. The company has implemented several projects. These include a 'Bring Your Own Key' feature, which allows users to use their own OpenAI API keys for platform access. They also developed a 'Brand Voice' feature, utilizing LLMs to personalize content by mimicking a unique writer's style and tone. Furthermore, they created a 'Keyword Exclusion' feature to enhance user control over the generated content. The skills required by Longshot Ai include Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, and Generative AI."}
{"community": "0-5", "summary": "Quixy is a company that requires skills in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and NLP. They have created and implemented several projects using these skills. They created a project called 'Voice-Controlled POC for Database Access', which uses the Whisper library and NLP. They also implemented a 'Text-to-SQL System' with GPT-3.5-turbo, which reduced the prompt size by half, thus cutting costs. Additionally, Quixy developed an 'Ebook QA App' that uses retrieval-augmented generation and provides answers to user queries."}
{"community": "0-14", "summary": "The project \"Music Generation Using Deep Learning\" involves training a model that can generate new music. It uses existing music data as input, learns the pattern, and subsequently generates original tunes. This project utilizes the skill of Deep Learning, specifically employing Char-RNN to learn from musical sequences."}
{"community": "0-172", "summary": "The Image Caption Generator is a project that utilizes the skills of NLP (Natural Language Processing) and Computer Vision to train a model that can recognize image context and generate relevant captions. Another project, the Student's ID Card, uses Computer Vision to scan the barcode on a student's ID card."}
{"community": "0-170", "summary": "The nodes indicate skills and projects. Python, a programming language, was used for data cleaning and analysis in the project 'Sales Market Analysis with Python'. Another skill, Machine Learning, was used alongside Python in the development of a Chatbot. This Chatbot, another node, was developed to engage users, understand natural language, and provide relevant responses. Natural Language Understanding is a skill that was used to enable the chatbot to comprehend natural language. The relationships indicate that Python was used for Machine Learning, and both were used in developing the Chatbot. The Chatbot was also empowered with Natural Language Understanding."}
{"community": "0-499", "summary": "At Punjab University Dav College, which is recognized as an institute, a student graduated with 89% in 2020. During their time at the university, they acquired certain skills, specifically in the libraries of Numpy, Pandas, and Matplotlib."}
{"community": "0-308", "summary": "A Data Analyst Intern at Edulyt India utilized their analytical skills and the Seaborn Python library in their role. They performed tasks such as cleaning and preparing large datasets, interpreting data for statistical analysis, identifying joining factors between Excel sheets to answer critical business questions, and creating data visualizations. This job role was a possible outcome of pursuing a Post Graduate Diploma in Applied Statistics from IGNOU."}
{"community": "0-36", "summary": "The Institute known as Aavesh, which is the Electronics Society of IIIT Una, has a significant connection with the project named Techtatva 2022. Specifically, a core member from Aavesh organised multiple events within the Techtatva 2022 project."}
{"community": "0-38", "summary": "Amandeep Singh is a person with a diverse range of skills. These include Problem Solving, Analysis Mindset, Continuous Learning, Attention To Details, Project Management, Microsoft Excel, and Bootstrap."}
{"community": "0-199", "summary": "Aman Bhatt is a Software Developer who has acquired various skills and degrees. He has knowledge in programming languages like Java and C, and also in the markup language XML. His education includes a Bachelor Of Technology (B.Tech) degree in Information Technology from the Indian Institute Of Information Technology (Iiit) Una, with a CGPA of 8.16. He also holds a XII degree from the Central Board Of Secondary Education, which he pursued at Saraswati Academy (Haldwani, Uttarakhand), scoring 92.8%."}
{"community": "0-289", "summary": "Power BI and Tableau are both skills used for data visualization. Data visualization also includes other skills such as Seaborn and Matplotlib."}
{"community": "0-130", "summary": "Flutter, a skill used to develop mobile applications for both Android and iOS platforms, and Cloud Firestore were both utilized in the development of the Chat App project. The Chat App is a real-time communication application designed to chat with diverse audiences, thereby enhancing user engagement and experience. The project made use of Firebase tools for seamless integration and robust functionality."}
{"community": "0-49", "summary": "The website project is fully responsive and includes a warden and leave portal. It utilizes various skills including HTML, which is a markup language, CSS, and Javascript, a programming language."}
{"community": "0-52", "summary": "The Information Technology degree, offered by the Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College, is related to a project named the Text Summarization Toolkit. This particular project involves the design and creation of a toolkit that has the ability to summarize text and voice input, providing both extractive and abstractive summarization options to the user, with an easy-to-use GUI."}
{"community": "0-58", "summary": "The project 'Sentiment Analysis' aimed to understand the nltk library and analyze the sentiment of reviews on grocery shopping by customers on Amazon. The data set was obtained from Keggle and Vader\u2019s model was used for analysis. The project required several skills, including a friendly GUI, extractive and abstractive summarization, easy to understand, use of cloud models, Streamlit and advanced machine learning concepts, and Vader's Model for analysis."}
{"community": "0-63", "summary": "The Ott Movies Recommendation Platform project used various skills for its execution. These skills include Tokenization, Usage Of Numpy And Pandas, Graphical Representation For Easy Monitoring, Data Cleaning, Data Engineering And Data Filtering, Use Of Scikit Learn, and Model Training And Visualizing. The main function of the project was to recommend movies based on tags using cosine similarity and collaborative filtering. A Streamlit web application was used to create a web interface, and various data operations like cleaning, engineering, and filtering were performed. The project also involved the use of Scikit Learn for model training and visualization."}
{"community": "0-73", "summary": "Shruti Rathour, who can be contacted via +91-9457126507 or at m22ma070@iitj.ac.in and e123sr@gmail.com, is currently pursuing a M.Sc. in Mathematics with a current score of 6.97. This degree is being awarded by the Indian Institute Of Technology in Jodhpur."}
{"community": "0-75", "summary": "The degree B.Sc., with a score of 71.0% obtained between 2018 - 2021, was awarded by the institute Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University."}
{"community": "0-77", "summary": "The Up State Board, an institute, has awarded and provided the Senior Secondary degree, with a score of 83.0% in 2018. The same institute also provided the Secondary degree, with a score of 81.83% in 2016."}
{"community": "0-80", "summary": "The M.Sc. Mathematics degree is obtained from the institute IIT Jodhpur."}
{"community": "0-82", "summary": "The project 'Digital Image Processing' leverages the application of polar decomposition. It uses singular value decomposition (SVD) for image compression with specialized libraries. The project also incorporates various mathematical concepts including Convolution, Fourier Transforms, and Linear Algebra. These skills are applied in several practical fields such as medical imaging, security and computer vision. Furthermore, the programming language used in this project is C/C++."}
{"community": "0-417", "summary": "SQL is a database language skill used for data manipulation and data cleaning."}
{"community": "0-92", "summary": "The graph community represents a variety of technical skills. These skills include the Linux operating system and various developer tools such as VS Code, Postman, IntelliJ IDE, and Gen-Ai. In addition, it includes knowledge of different databases and frameworks like Mongo and Room, as well as familiarity with the NoSQL database type. All these skills are encompassed under the broader category of technical skills which includes languages and analytical tools like C, C++, SQL, Python, DAX, Tableau, PowerBI, VS Code, GitHub, Jira, and AWS."}
{"community": "0-467", "summary": "During the internship period, many programs were worked on. One of the key skills utilized was error correction, which involved finding and correcting errors in the programs."}
{"community": "0-96", "summary": "The project \"Full Stack Data Science With Python\" is organized by the MSME - Technology Development Centre from July 23 to August 23. The project includes various skills such as Fundamentals of Python, Data Analysis with Python, Data Visualization with Matplotlib & Seaborn, Statistical Analysis and Exploratory Data Analysis, and Introduction to Machine Learning & Regression."}
{"community": "0-115", "summary": "Pratham Mirdoddiwar, who can be reached at +91-7028640462 or prathammirdoddiwar@gmail.com, studied at the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Una, located near Old Busstand Budha Nagar Ward, Ballarpur - 442701, Maharashtra, India. He is currently pursuing a B.Tech. in Computer Science & Engineering with a CGPA of 8.48/10 since 2020. Prior to that, he studied at Jai Hind Jr College Of Science in Chandrapur, Maharashtra where he completed his 12th grade with a percentage of 86.9%. Pratham's profiles can be found on LinkedIn and GitHub through the handles www.linkedin.com/in/pratham-mirdoddiwar-27a570201 and www.github.com/Pratham702 respectively."}
{"community": "0-120", "summary": "A Flutter Developer Intern worked at the company Dave'S Brother Technology, located in Jabalpur, from December 2022 to June 2023. During this time, they used their problem-solving skills to investigate and resolve over 50 technical issues in collaboration with cross-functional teams. They also completed two significant projects. The first project, \"App Performance Improvement,\" resulted in a 25% increase in app performance. The second project, \"Bug Reduction,\" led to a significant 40% reduction in user-reported bugs."}
{"community": "0-127", "summary": "The project \"Chatmate\" is a sophisticated personalized chat assistant bot with the ability to promptly comprehend and respond to queries in multiple languages on the WhatsApp platform, acting on behalf of the user. The skill \"Ultramsg Api\" is used in this project."}
{"community": "0-348", "summary": "The web application project \"Cine-Nexus (Disney+ Clone)\" was developed using the skills \"Reactjs\" and \"Firebase\". This project, which offered users access to a collection of movies and their details, was live from May to June 2023. It's noteworthy that Firebase, a database and framework, and Reactjs were instrumental in the implementation of this project."}
{"community": "0-135", "summary": "The Real Estate project, which is a dynamic real estate website focusing on enhancing user experience, utilized various skills. These skills include Nodejs, a runtime environment, Expressjs, and Unix Command Line."}
{"community": "0-479", "summary": "Github, a company known for its developer tools, hosts a project called \"The Sudoku Solver\". This project is a website designed to challenge users by having them build out a Sudoku Solver that can accept integers ranging from 0 to 9."}
{"community": "0-226", "summary": "The project \"News Breeze,\" which is a Country-Centric News Application, has been implemented using a variety of skills. These skills include MongoDB, Express, a web application framework, and Node.Js. The project also utilizes the cacheability feature of room to store working links locally, tracking 90% of search history. Furthermore, the Restful API Integration was used to showcase the news in a scrollable recyclerview. The Web View Feature was designed for full article reading, saving news for offline reading, and has increased user retention by 15%."}
{"community": "0-474", "summary": "The project \"Ciphers\" and \"Ciphers - Project\", focused on the implementation of various ciphers like Caesar, Vignere, Play-Fair, and Hill ciphers in C++, a programming language. It also includes implementation of various encryption algorithms such as RSA Algorithm and Diffie Hellman Key Exchange Algorithm. Both these projects were guided by Dr. Vijay Verma. The \"Ciphers - Project\" in particular, utilized the skill of C++ programming."}
{"community": "0-148", "summary": "Yashaswini Khanna, who can be contacted through email at ykhanna_be20@thapar.edu or mobile at +91 9914826462 and has a Github profile at https://github.com/Yashi777, has worked at Becton Dickinson,Chandigarh. She held the position of a Software Development Intern from 2024 to the present. During her tenure, she was part of the team working on the Care Coordination Engine(CCE) and was responsible for the development and maintenance of an ASP.net application supporting WEB API. Her responsibilities also included ensuring data security."}
{"community": "0-158", "summary": "Meraki Thrifts is a small business that was established in 2020 during the COVID lockdown. The sole owner of the company holds the job title of Founder and is responsible for maintaining the business."}
{"community": "0-162", "summary": "Person 1, who managed a business end-to-end, including sourcing, marketing, and selling clothes, and made a net profit of 140%, received their education at the Sri Guru Harkrishan Model School in Chandigarh, India. Their studies focused on AISSCE (Class XII)."}
{"community": "0-160", "summary": "The Mudra Society, which is part of the core team that organizes various events in college, is a part of the Thapar Institute Of Engineering And Technology, located in Patiala, India."}
{"community": "0-169", "summary": "The project identified as 'Topsis Package' implements the Topsis Method, which is a skill used for multi-criteria decision analysis. The Topsis Package was created on pypi.org and it's a Python package that employs the Topsis method."}
{"community": "0-171", "summary": "The 'Hostel Attendance System' is a project that utilizes facial recognition technology to mark attendance without the need for manual input. This system employs computer vision for the facial recognition process. The skill 'Facial Recognition' is essential in this project for marking attendance."}
{"community": "0-359", "summary": "The Data Structures and Algorithms certification was obtained from the Futures First Academy."}
{"community": "0-185", "summary": "The Thapar Summer School of 2023 is an institute that teaches a variety of skills including Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, EDA, Blockchain, IoT, Web Development, cloud services, and Time Series. It has specifically taught skills like EDA, Blockchain, IoT, Web Development, Cloud Services, and Time Series. Web Development involves using HTML, CSS, JS, React JS. Upon completion, it issues a certificate which can be found at https://github.com/yashi777/summer-school-certificate."}
{"community": "0-231", "summary": "The Kotlin programming language, Room Database, and Retrofit were all utilized in the development of the Weather Application. The Weather Application is designed to provide real-time weather information specific to various locations. It enhances user understanding by presenting dynamic images representing current weather conditions. Moreover, this application allows users to explore past and future weather forecasts, aiding in better planning and decision-making. Room Database contributes to the application's functionality by enabling local storage of articles, searching news by name query, and sorting the list by date."}
{"community": "0-472", "summary": "The Body Mass Index Calculator is a project where a cross-platform, multi-screen BMI calculator was designed. This attractive and beautiful calculator calculates BMI and sends reviews accordingly. It was developed using Flutter, dart, and the developer tool, Android Studio."}
{"community": "0-216", "summary": "The Android Developer Intern worked at Appyhigh Technology Llp, a company located in Gurgaon, Haryana, from December 2022 to June 2023. During their internship, they had several notable experiences. They eradicated various critical bugs, which lowered crash rates by 30% and coded clean, efficient, and maintainable code. They utilized the modern MVVM design pattern with dynamic modules, which improved UI performance by 15%. Moreover, they collaborated with the core team and designed three innovative utility applications, addressing daily challenges of customers."}
{"community": "0-238", "summary": "The skill of Volleyball, particularly the expertise as a captain of a winning team, was utilized in the event Yalgaar\u201923, Cultural Fest of IIIT Una & 6th INTER-IIIT Sports Meet. Therefore, Volleyball is not only an acquired skill but also a proven competency, as demonstrated by the successful participation in the event."}
{"community": "0-240", "summary": "Vaibhav Nagpal is a person who has earned a degree, specifically a Be (Mechanical) degree. He completed this degree in 2022 from the Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology in Patiala, achieving a score of 75.10 percent."}
{"community": "0-242", "summary": "The MBA (Marketing and Business Analytics) is a degree program completed in 2024 with a score of 72.20 percent from the LM Thapar School of Management, Dera Bassi, Chandigarh."}
{"community": "0-247", "summary": "The institute, Modern Vidya Niketan, Aravali Hills, Faridabad, has had students who attended and achieved their degrees there. A student who completed their CBSE Class XII in 2019 attended this institute and achieved a score of 72.40 percent. Another student completed their CBSE Class X in 2017 at the same institute, achieving a higher score of 84.00 percent."}
{"community": "0-246", "summary": "The Product Marketing Intern is currently working at Smiths Detection Systems Private Limited, having started in January 2024."}
{"community": "0-249", "summary": "The Marketing Team, which is responsible for strategic decision-making in the company, uses Data and Insights as a skill to inform their choices. Additionally, they maintain the Marketing Brochures, which are materials on the website that reflect product offerings and competitive positioning."}
{"community": "0-253", "summary": "The Primary Point Of Contact, a job title within the organization, serves as a liaison between different teams. These teams include the Sales Team, Product Development Team, and Customer Service Team, all of which are integral parts of the company."}
{"community": "0-255", "summary": "The Business Development Intern role at Pregrad Pvt. Ltd. requires skills in marketing, sales, product development, and customer service. The internship period was from June to July 2023. During this tenure, the intern worked on projects that involved generating leads via platforms like Zuno, Unstop, and strategic outreach in WhatsApp groups."}
{"community": "0-261", "summary": "The individual holding the job title of Marketing and Business Development Intern worked at Skillonation Kids from April 2023 to May 2023. During their tenure, they completed several projects. They established partnerships with college TPOs which successfully drove sales through self-generated and provided leads. They also leveraged webinar data and school partnerships to engage K-12 parents, promoting courses. Additionally, they created impactful webinar posters and conducted market research with SWOT analysis, which enabled informed decision-making through competitive insights."}
{"community": "0-266", "summary": "The Market Research Analyst Intern worked at Bharatverse during April 2023. During their tenure, they performed targeted surveys on metaverse and cryptocurrency trends, gathering valuable insights. They also analyzed data, contributing meaningfully to team decision-making."}
{"community": "0-271", "summary": "The skill of Data Analytics Using Power Bi was utilized in January 2023. This skill was specifically applied to analyze call center data with the aim of improving customer retention and promoting diversity by monitoring."}
{"community": "0-279", "summary": "The certification \"Data Science With Python,\" which is a 68-hour course running from February 2023 to the present, was issued by the company Simplilearn."}
{"community": "0-280", "summary": "The \"Fundamentals Of Digital Marketing\" and the \"Google Analytics Individual Qualification\" are certifications issued by the company Google. The \"Fundamentals Of Digital Marketing\" certification is valid from February 2023 to February 2024 and requires 40 hours to complete. The \"Google Analytics Individual Qualification\" certification is valid from January 2023 to January 2024 and requires 6 hours to complete."}
{"community": "0-281", "summary": "The company, Tiet, issues multiple certifications including \"Financial Data Analytics With Excel And Power Bi\", \"Data Visualization Using Tableau\", \"Business Analytics Edge With Python\", and \"Power Business Intelligence\". The \"Financial Data Analytics With Excel And Power BI\" certification is a current program offered by Tiet, which started in August 2022 and lasts for 25 hours. Since January 2022, Tiet has been providing three other certifications, each with different durations: \"Data Visualization Using Tableau\" (20 hours), \"Business Analytics Edge With Python\" (50 hours), and \"Power Business Intelligence\" (25 hours)."}
{"community": "0-318", "summary": "Ritika Gupta is a Data Analyst with advanced skills in Probability and Statistics, Mathematical Modeling, R, Matlab, and Mathematica. She was also a part of the Rudra - The Street Play Society of PGDAV College where she actively participated in street play performances, contributing to the creative and artistic aspects of productions. In addition, Ritika held the role of Vice President, collaborating with the President and other members to plan and organize events, workshops, and competitions which attracted over 200+ entries."}
{"community": "0-306", "summary": "The skill set of Mathematical Expertise, which encompasses knowledge in the field of mathematics, is utilized in the M.Sc. Applied Mathematics degree at Delhi Technological University. Additionally, the B.Sc. (Hons.) Mathematics degree from the University of Delhi leads to the M.Sc. Applied Mathematics degree at the same institution."}
{"community": "0-420", "summary": "The skill of using Excel is utilized for data preprocessing. Furthermore, this data preprocessing skill is applied on a project related to Breast Cancer."}
{"community": "0-313", "summary": "Chegg, a company, has employed individuals with job titles such as Subject Matter Expert and Subject Matter Expert (Advanced Mathematics). The Subject Matter Expert is responsible for generating insightful visualizations to present key findings, while the Subject Matter Expert in Advanced Mathematics provides detailed, high-quality solutions for advanced mathematics questions, ensuring accuracy and clarity. Both roles have been active from November 2022 to the present."}
{"community": "0-328", "summary": "Prabhjot Singh, who can be contacted via phone at +91 7027190061 or email at contact@prabhjot-singh.com, and has a LinkedIn and Github profile, has a notable education background. He pursued his B.E. in Computer Engineering, where he achieved a CGPA of 8.55/10. His education continued at Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology, Patiala, from July 2020 to May 2024. Furthermore, he studied at Futures First from July 2022 to December 2023, where he specialized in Financial Markets and Derivatives and earned a grade A."}
{"community": "0-334", "summary": "The S.D. Vidya Mandir School in Panipat is an institute where the Class XII (CBSE) was undertaken in March 2020, with an impressive percentage of 96.4%. The student who undertook this degree also possesses soft skills including teamwork, time management, problem-solving, and the ability to articulate well."}
{"community": "0-336", "summary": "The company, Celebal Technologies, is associated with a work experience period from June 2023 to August 2023. Additionally, the Blockchain A-Z certification was obtained from Celebal Technologies."}
{"community": "0-338", "summary": "The Data Engineering Intern with a Silver Badge has gained skills in Python Programming, where they have been gaining proficiency in coding, and SQL Database Management, which includes data querying, manipulation, and database design. They have also worked on projects such as the User Authentication System, where they designed and implemented a system using Python and MySQL, and Error-Handling Mechanisms where they implemented mechanisms for user existence checks and password validation."}
{"community": "0-344", "summary": "The project \"Gui Calculator And Billing Management System\" is a development utilizing Python as the backend and tkinter for the front end. This project, which includes the creation of a GUI Calculator and a billing management system, utilized the skill \"Tkinter\"."}
{"community": "0-345", "summary": "The project \"Architech- Generative AI\" which developed a Generative AI allowing users to generate 2D floor plans from text prompts, used the skill \"Diffusion Model, Gans\"."}
{"community": "0-350", "summary": "Reverb is a decentralised Music App (Dapp) that allows users to stream songs after making a one-time payment of 0.1 SOL using the Phantom Wallet. The app is based on the Solana Blockchain, which manages the streaming of music using the Quicknode API and Cloudinary. In its development, the app uses several skills, including Solana, a blockchain technology, Quicknode, an API development tool, Cloudinary, a cloud-based service, and Phantom Wallet, a payment method."}
{"community": "0-356", "summary": "The project 'Hate Speech Detection' was designed as a web application using the skills of Natural Language Processing and Streamlit API. It uses machine learning to detect hate speech and offensive language in tweets, contributing to a safer online environment. This user-friendly project was implemented with the Streamlit API and was completed at the Githublive Project institute in August 2022."}
{"community": "0-362", "summary": "Anish Gupta, a male individual who can be contacted via phone at +91-9888761312 and via email at agupta19-be20@thapar.edu or anishgupta771@gmail.com, has a B.E. Degree in Electronics and Communications Engineering with a CGPA of 8.04. He studied at Delhi Public School, Jalandhar where he completed his 10th and 12th grades. Notably, Anish achieved a high percentage of 94.2 in the Central Board of Secondary Education exams during his 12th grade."}
{"community": "0-367", "summary": "The Central Board Of Secondary Education conducted the 10th degree, which had a percentage of 91.4. This degree was also offered by the Delhi Public School, Jalandhar."}
{"community": "0-369", "summary": "The Intern worked at Ernst and Young and also interned at Trading Game Strong, a company focused on live trading simulations and curriculum enhancement. During their tenure, they participated in live trading simulations and collaborated with instructors and fellow teaching assistants to enhance the curriculum. They were involved in two significant projects. One was the development and implementation of a sophisticated Key-Based Automation System for Excel, which significantly reduced the manual workload. The other was engineering a bespoke software solution that streamlined processes, exemplifying efficiency and innovation in work execution. The internship at Trading Game Strong was located in New Delhi."}
{"community": "0-374", "summary": "The skill, Microsoft Power Bi, was used for a project involving comprehensive dashboards. These dashboards provided a detailed overview of tax and revenue metrics within a company."}
{"community": "0-382", "summary": "The Econ Club at Tiet organized several certifications and job titles. These include the \"Data Visualization With Tableau\" certification, which is expected to be completed in July 2023, and the \"Trading In The Zone -Technical Analysis\" and \"Trading In The Zone -Elementary\" certifications, expected to be completed in February and January 2023, respectively. They also organized the \"Finlatics Financial Market Expert\" certification which was completed in April 2022. In terms of job titles, the Econ Club organized the \"Publicity Head Mudra Society\" from August 2021-22, as well as the \"Vice Head Boy\" position at Delhi Public School, Jalandhar from July 2019 to March 2020."}
{"community": "0-389", "summary": "Karamveer Kaur, who can be reached at +91 7042826227 or karamveer.k2000gmail.com and has a LinkedIn profile, holds a CBSE (Class XII) degree. She obtained this degree in 2019 with a percentage of 85%."}
{"community": "0-390", "summary": "The B. Tech (Biotechnology) degree, with a CGPA of 8.24 from 2020 to 2024, was obtained from the Delhi Technological University."}
{"community": "0-394", "summary": "The CBSE Class X degree was obtained from D.A.V Public School, New Delhi in 2017 with a 10 CGPA. Also, the 2017 CBSE Class X studies were conducted at the same institute, D.A.V Public School, New Delhi."}
{"community": "0-396", "summary": "A Quality Assurance Analyst Intern worked at Vanguard Diagnostics Pvt. Ltd. from June 2023 to July 2023. During this period, they used the Mindray Cal 8000'S Labxpert Data Analysis Software, a skill that allows for automatic detection of abnormal samples in analysis. They reported to the Technical Director and were part of the Quality Control and Production Department."}
{"community": "0-404", "summary": "A Research Scientist Intern has acquired a range of skills, including ELISA Plate, Rapid Card Test Production, and Biochemical Tests for Typhoid. This intern has also received practical training in diverse biotechnological tools for disease diagnosis, such as PCR, ELISA, 2-D Electrophoresis, HPLC, and Cell Culture. They worked at the ICAR - Central Institute for Research on Buffaloes from December 2022 to January 2023. During this tenure, they worked under a senior scientist on ELISA techniques for endocrinological studies."}
{"community": "0-416", "summary": "The skill of Web Scraping was used to gather Gene Expression Data in a project."}
{"community": "0-423", "summary": "The \"Data Analysis Portfolio\" project uses SQL for comprehensive data exploration and dynamic visualization via Tableau. It particularly focuses on a \"Healthcare Database\" project, which captures insights during the COVID period. The primary function of the Data Analysis Portfolio project is to analyze the Healthcare Database."}
{"community": "0-427", "summary": "The project titled \"Weather App Using React Js\" is a responsive application developed using modern JavaScript. The skills involved in this project include React.Js and Openweathermap Api, both of which were integral to its creation. The data for the app is fetched using the OpenWeatherMap API."}
{"community": "0-430", "summary": "The skill \"Modern Javascript\" is used for building a project named \"App\". This app is designed to take the name of a place as an input from the user and display the current temperature, weather, and humidity of that place."}
{"community": "0-436", "summary": "The Coordinator worked at Yuvaan Creative Department from June 2022 to September 2023. During this period, they led a team of creatives in transforming event spaces through innovative designs and decorations for a successful college fest."}
{"community": "0-440", "summary": "The Joint Secretary of the National Students Union of India (NSUI) at Delhi Technological University (DTU), led the project 'Artistic Vision' aimed at elevating the aesthetic experience of a college fest through innovative designs and decorations. They are also an integral part of the NSUI Executive Committee at DTU, where they actively participate in decision-making processes and spearhead projects to meet the students' needs."}
{"community": "0-443", "summary": "The person in question has a diverse range of experiences including student leadership and tutoring. In student leadership, they collaborated with other student leaders to execute campaigns impacting the welfare of more than 1000 DTU students. This advocacy work includes efforts for academic reforms and student support services. The individual also has experience in tutoring students for CBSE examinations from class 8th to 12th. Further, they participated in the KPMG KIC competition. Their accomplishments include winning the Best Artist Award in the senior category when they were in class XII."}
{"community": "0-447", "summary": "The job title \"House Captain\" which is a senior category role typically held by someone in class XII, led three members - indicating a leadership or supervisory role over these individuals."}
{"community": "0-450", "summary": "The Flip Kart Grid, a project with three members, has successfully cleared round one with 400000 participants. This indicates that the project includes a significant number of individuals, specifically 400000 participants."}
{"community": "0-452", "summary": "Vishal Singh, who was born on March 12, 2000 and lives at H.No 16-A, East Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, East Delhi, Delhi 110092, is currently pursuing a B.Tech in Electrical Engineering with a CGPA of 8.10. He can be contacted via his email, vishalsingh_ee20a15_53@dtu.ac.in, or his mobile number, +91-9315939075. Vishal Singh is also active on LinkedIn, Leetcode, CodingNinjas, and GitHub. His interests and hobbies include programming, football, badminton, and gaming."}
{"community": "0-455", "summary": "Adarsh Vidya Bhawan in Delhi is an institute that has offered two degrees. The first one is the CBSE Class X degree, which was offered during the academic year 2015-2016, with a CGPA of 9.4. The second one is the CBSE Class XII degree, which was offered in the academic year 2017-2018, with a percentage of 76.0."}
{"community": "0-465", "summary": "Loa had a summer internship at Obscura Innovations Private Limited from June 2023 to July 2023. During this period, Loa worked in the role of a Software Developer."}
{"community": "0-470", "summary": "The Library Management System (Lms) project, which was successfully studied and implemented as a part of an elective project, was guided by Dr. Shristi Achari."}
{"community": "0-471", "summary": "The Hospital Patient Management System (HPMS) is a project that has been successfully studied and implemented. This project was completed by a team of 2 people, indicating that the team size was an integral part of the HPMS project."}
{"community": "0-475", "summary": "The project \"Cloud \u2013 Bubble Game\" is a cross-platform game designed for Website, Android, and IOS platforms. It was developed using Flutter, Dart, and Android Studio. The game challenges players to avoid bubbles released from clouds and pop them using thunder. Dart, a particular skill, has been utilized in the creation of this game."}
{"community": "0-482", "summary": "The USIP Internship is a work experience role that involves report and documentation. This internship was supervised by Prof. S.K. Garg. In addition, Prof. S.K. Garg holds the job title of HOD Mech. Dep."}
{"community": "0-485", "summary": "The Joint Secretary Post and Co -Head, PR and Publicity are job titles associated with the company Cognitive Minds. The Joint Secretary Post was a strategic role, managing a large team and organizing numerous events. The Co -Head, PR and Publicity position was held from June 2022 to May 2023. Both these roles were crucial in the functioning and publicity of the company Cognitive Minds."}
{"community": "0-494", "summary": "Aditi, a female born on 25th February 2002, has studied at several institutes including Malaviya National Institute Of Technology Jaipur (Mnit), Punjab University, and Dav College. In addition to her studies, she has obtained a M.Sc degree and graduated in 2020 with a CGPA of 89%. Her contact information includes an email ID: aditinagpal6472@gmail.com, an address: St.no.1 Model Town Abohar, Punjab 152116, and a phone number: 9041898397."}
{"community": "0-509", "summary": "The Finlatics Financial Market Experience Program is a project focused on financial markets. This program includes a project named 'Sales Market Analysis With Python', which involves using Python to clean and analyze data, identify market trends, and gain insights on customer categories for targeting."}
{"community": "0-513", "summary": "The project \"Sales Data Analysis With Excel\" involves analysis of 31048 rows of data to decipher sales patterns and trends, and improve data analysis efficiency. The tasks in this project require specific skills, such as 'Data Analysis', 'Sorting And Cleaning Raw Data', 'Creating Pivot Tables', and 'Generating Visualizations'. These skills are utilized to clean and transfer raw data into charts, create pivot tables, and generate insightful visualizations to present key findings."}
{"community": "0-519", "summary": "The institute identified as Ncc has issued two certifications. These include the B Certificate and the C Certificate, both of which were attained from NCC."}
{"community": "0-532", "summary": "Harsh Kumar, who is seeking employment in an organization that promotes freedom and initiative, is currently pursuing a Masters of Business Administration at the Netaji Subhash University Of Technology. His goal is to contribute to the company's vision and achieve self-development by playing a significant role in building the organization."}
{"community": "0-534", "summary": "The Netaji Subhash University Of Technology, located in Dwarka, Delhi, is an institute where a degree in Masters Of Business Administration can be obtained. This specific degree program runs from August 2022 to the present and specializes in Operations and Business Analytics, boasting an impressive SGPA of 8.6."}
{"community": "0-536", "summary": "The Bachelor of Technology degree was obtained at the ABES Institute of Technology. This degree is from ABES Institute of Technology (08/2018 - 06/2022), Ghaziabad, India in Mechanical Engineering with an impressive score of 86.40%."}
{"community": "0-538", "summary": "The Senior School Certificate, which is a degree, was obtained at The Doon Valley Public School. The certificate was achieved from 04/2017 to 03/2018 in Deoband, Saharanpur, India. The degree includes a Class XII completion with an 80.8% score, including subjects PCM with Computer Science."}
{"community": "0-542", "summary": "Myginny Infotech Private Limited, a company based in Noida, currently employs a Full Stack Developer since March 2024. This role involves the use of several skills, notably Reactjs, Redux, and Next.Js, which are utilized in developing dynamic web applications, designing, and integrating entire websites to ensure seamless user experiences and responsive layouts. Additionally, the Full Stack Developer also uses Fastapi to develop robust APIs for seamless communication between frontend and backend systems."}
{"community": "1-247", "summary": "Nimish Tiwari, associated with the Indian Institute of Information Technology in Una, Gondia, Maharashtra, has a B.Tech. degree in Electronics & Communication Engineering from the same institute. He has worked at Longshot Ai, a company that requires skills in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, and Generative AI. During his tenure at Longshot Ai, from July 2023 to January 2024, he was involved in various projects. These include the implementation of a 'Bring Your Own Key' feature, creation of a 'Brand Voice' feature using LLMs, and the implementation of a 'Keyword Exclusion' feature to enhance user control over generated content.\n"}
{"community": "1-249", "summary": "Quixy is a company that requires skills in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and NLP. The company has implemented various projects including a voice-controlled POC for database access, a text-to-SQL system, and an Ebook QA app. They also developed a music generation model using Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and NLP, a model that recognizes image context and generates relevant captions, and a system that can scan a student's ID card using computer vision. On the other hand, the Thapar Summer School of 2023 teaches various skills, including Deep Learning, NLP, EDA, Blockchain, IoT, Web Development, Cloud Services, and Time Series. They have issued a certificate to mark the completion of the summer school."}
{"community": "1-79", "summary": "Ritika Gupta, a Data Analyst, has a variety of skills including Python, Machine Learning, Probability and Statistics, Mathematical Modeling, and programming in R, Matlab, and Mathematica. She has used these skills in various projects. Python was used for data cleaning and analysis in the 'Sales Market Analysis with Python' project, in the development of a chatbot, and was implemented in the Topsis package on pypi.org. It was also used in the 'Gui Calculator and Billing Management System' project alongside tkinter. \n\nRitika has worked on several other projects, such as 'Chatmate', a sophisticated personalized chat assistant bot which used Python and Ultramsg Api and 'Hate Speech Detection', a web app designed to detect hate speech and offensive language in tweets which utilized Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and Streamlit Api. This project was completed in August 2022 at Githublive Project. \n\nShe was a member of 'Rudra - The Street Play Society Of Pgdav College' where she held roles such as Vice President, in which she collaborated with others to plan and organize events, and Member, participating actively in street play performances. \n\nRitika also has experience in financial markets, demonstrated by her involvement in the 'Finlatics Financial Market Experience Program', which included a project focusing on sales market analysis using Python. Other projects include 'Gene Expression Data', where web scraping was used to gather data."}
{"community": "1-180", "summary": "The individual attended Punjab University Dav College where they learned skills in Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, and SQL. These skills were then applied during their time as a Data Analyst Intern at Edulyt India. At Edulyt India, they cleaned and prepared large datasets in Excel using SQL and the Python library Pandas. They also interpreted the data to perform statistical analysis and created data visualizations using the Python libraries Matplotlib and Seaborn. \n\nTheir analytical skills were instrumental in their role at Edulyt India. They also utilized Excel for data preprocessing, which they applied in a project on Breast Cancer. They hold a Post Graduate Diploma in Applied Statistics from IGNOU and a Master's degree in Applied Mathematics from Delhi Technological University, both of which led to their role as a Data Analyst. Their mathematical expertise was used in their Master's degree. Prior to that, they obtained a Bachelor's degree in Mathematics from the University of Delhi, which led to their Master's degree."}
{"community": "1-238", "summary": "Aavesh, an Electronics Society of IIIT Una, organised multiple events in a project called Techtatva 2022. A core member of Aavesh was responsible for this organization."}
{"community": "1-240", "summary": "Amandeep Singh is a person with a diverse set of skills. These include problem solving, an analysis mindset, continuous learning, attention to details, project management, and proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Bootstrap, Power Bi, and Tableau. Power Bi and Tableau, in particular, are used by Amandeep for data visualization. Amandeep has also undertaken a project titled 'Data Analysis Portfolio' where he used Tableau for dynamic visualization. This project was primarily focused on a healthcare database and aimed to capture insights during the COVID period. The project demonstrated Amandeep's adept use of critical functions and comprehensive data exploration using SQL."}
{"community": "1-88", "summary": "Aman Bhatt is a software developer with a Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology from the Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) Una and a degree from the Central Board of Secondary Education at the Saraswati Academy. Aman has demonstrated expertise in a range of skills including Java, HTML, Javascript, C++, C, Kotlin, and XML. Aman's technical skills encompass languages and analytical tools such as Java, HTML, Linux, Firebase, Javascript, Node.js, Github, C++, C, Kotlin, XML, VS Code, Postman, IntelliJ IDE, Gen-AI, Mongo, Room, NoSQL, and Express. \n\nAman has been involved in several projects utilizing these skills. The \"Real Estate\" project focused on user experience optimization and utilized HTML, CSS, Javascript, Node.js, Express.js, Unix Command Line, Github, MongoDB, C++, and Firebase. The \"Website\" project is a fully responsive website with a warden and leave portal, developed using HTML, CSS, and Javascript. \n\nAman also worked on \"Ciphers - Project,\" implementing various ciphers in C++ under the guidance of Dr. Vijay Verma. Another project, \"News Breeze,\" a country-centric news application, was implemented with MongoDB, Kotlin, Express, the cacheability feature of Room, Node.js, Restful API Integration, and Web View Feature. \n\nThe \"Cine-Nexus (Disney+ Clone)\" project is a web application offering users access to a collection of movies, developed using Firebase and Reactjs. The \"Sudoku Solver\" project, a Sudoku Solver website, is hosted on Github. \n\nAman also developed a \"Weather Application\" delivering real-time weather information tailored to specific locations, using Kotlin, Room Database, and Retrofit."}
{"community": "1-60", "summary": "The summary indicates that there is a Flutter Developer Intern who worked at Dave's Brother Technology from December 2022 to June 2023. He used his problem-solving skills to investigate and resolve over 50 technical issues by collaborating with cross-functional teams. He used his skills in Flutter, a tool used for developing mobile applications for both Android and iOS platforms, and Android Studio, a developer tool. The intern completed projects like 'App Performance Improvement' that increased app performance by 25%, and 'Bug Reduction' that reduced user-reported bugs by 40%.\n\nThe intern also worked on a project named 'Chat App', a real-time communication app for diverse audiences. This app used Firebase tools for seamless integration and robust functionality and utilized skills like Flutter and Cloud Firestore. \n\nAnother project undertaken was the 'Body Mass Index Calculator', a cross-platform, multi-screen, attractive Bmi calculator that calculates bmi and sends reviews accordingly. This project used Flutter, Dart (another skill) and Android Studio.\n\nThe 'Cloud \u2013 Bubble Game' is a cross-platform game made for Website, Android, and IOS. It used Flutter, Dart, and Android Studio. The task of the game is to stay away from the bubble released from clouds and pop them using thunder."}
{"community": "1-242", "summary": "The Information Technology degree is awarded by the Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College. Additionally, a project called the Text Summarization Toolkit, which is designed to summarize text and voice input, is related to the Information Technology degree. The toolkit provides both extractive and abstractive summarization options to the user and features a friendly GUI."}
{"community": "1-244", "summary": "The two projects, Sentiment Analysis and Ott Movies Recommendation Platform, required the use of various skills. The Sentiment Analysis project primarily revolved around understanding the nltk library and analyzing sentiment of Amazon grocery shopping reviews. It required skills like a friendly GUI, extractive and abstractive summarization, easy understanding, use of cloud models, Streamlit and advanced machine learning concepts, tokenization, Vader\u2019s model for analysis, and usage of Numpy and Pandas.\n\nOn the other hand, the Ott Movies Recommendation Platform aimed to recommend movies based on tags using cosine similarity and collaborative filtering. It used skills such as tokenization, Vader\u2019s model for analysis, usage of Numpy and Pandas, graphical representation for easy monitoring, data cleaning, engineering and filtering, use of scikit learn, and model training and visualizing. Notably, tokenization, Vader\u2019s model for analysis, and usage of Numpy and Pandas were common skills used in both projects."}
{"community": "1-4", "summary": "Shruti Rathour is a person who can be contacted through the phone number +91-9457126507 or email at m22ma070@iitj.ac.in or e123sr@gmail.com. She has received multiple degrees: a M.Sc. in Mathematics from the Indian Institute of Technology, Jodhpur with a current grade of 6.97 from 2022 to the present, a B.Sc. from Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University with a percentage of 71.0% from 2018 - 2021, and a Senior Secondary degree with a percentage of 83.0% in 2018. The Senior Secondary degree was awarded by and obtained from the Up State Board. In addition, she also has a Secondary degree with a percentage of 81.83% in 2016, obtained from the Up State Board."}
{"community": "1-7", "summary": "The Institute of Technology (IIT) Jodhpur offers a degree in M.Sc. Mathematics. A project on Digital Image Processing is conducted at this institute. This project involves the use of the C/C++ programming language and mathematical concepts such as Convolution, Fourier Transforms, and Linear Algebra. Digital Image Processing has wide-ranging applications across various fields like medical imaging, security, and computer vision."}
{"community": "1-59", "summary": "During the Summer Internship at Obscura Innovations Private Limited in June to July 2023, an individual worked as a Software Developer and Intern, where they worked on many programs. During this period, they applied their Error Correction skills and worked on two projects: the Library Management System (LMS) and the Hospital Patient Management System (HPMS). These projects were successfully studied and implemented as part of an elective project. The work involved a team size of 2, and they were guided by Dr. Shristi Achari."}
{"community": "1-17", "summary": "The project \"Full Stack Data Science With Python\" was organized by the MSME - Technology Development Centre from July 23 to August 23. This project included a variety of skills such as the fundamentals of Python, data analysis with Python, data visualization with Matplotlib & Seaborn, statistical analysis and exploratory data analysis, and an introduction to machine learning & regression."}
{"community": "1-30", "summary": "Pratham Mirdoddiwar is a person whose contact information includes a phone number (+91-7028640462), email (prathammirdoddiwar@gmail.com), LinkedIn profile (www.linkedin.com/in/pratham-mirdoddiwar-27a570201), and GitHub account (www.github.com/Pratham702). He has studied at two institutions: the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Una, located near the old bus stand Budha Nagar Ward, Ballarpur - 442701, Maharashtra, India; and Jai Hind Jr College Of Science, located in Chandrapur, Maharashtra. He holds two degrees: a B.Tech. in Computer Science & Engineering with a CGPA of 8.48/10, which he has been pursuing from 2020 to the present; and a 12th grade degree with a percentage of 86.9%."}
{"community": "1-112", "summary": "Yashaswini Khanna, whose contact details include email: ykhanna_be20@thapar.edu and mobile: +91 9914826462, and also has a Github account at https://github.com/Yashi777, has worked at Becton Dickinson in Chandigarh. She held the position of a Software Development Intern from 2024 to the present. In this role, she was part of the team working on the Care Coordination Engine(CCE), where she contributed to the development and maintenance of an ASP.net application supporting WEB API. Her responsibilities also included ensuring data security."}
{"community": "1-120", "summary": "Meraki Thrifts is a small business that was started in 2020 during the COVID lockdown. The sole owner and founder maintains complete control over the company."}
{"community": "1-121", "summary": "Person 1 has managed a business end-to-end, including sourcing, marketing, and selling clothes, leading to a net profit of 140%. Their education includes studying Bachelor of Technology \u2013 Computer Engineering at Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology, located in Patiala, India, and AISSCE (Class XII) at Sri Guru Harkrishan Model School in Chandigarh, India. \n\nAnish Gupta, who can be contacted via phone at +91-9888761312 or email at agupta19-be20@thapar.edu or anishgupta771@gmail.com, holds a B.E degree in Electronics and Communications Engineering with a CGPA of 8.04. Anish Gupta studied at Thapar Institute Of Engineering And Technology, as well as at Delhi Public School in Jalandhar, where he completed both his 10th and 12th grades, scoring a percentage of 94.2 in his 12th grade under the Central Board of Secondary Education.\n\nThe Mudra Society, which has organized various events in college, is part of the Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology."}
{"community": "1-80", "summary": "The Hostel Attendance System is a project that uses the skill of Facial Recognition. This system is designed to mark attendance without manual input by using facial recognition based on computer vision."}
{"community": "1-83", "summary": "The skill of Data Structures and Algorithms, represented by a certification, was obtained from the Futures First Academy."}
{"community": "1-36", "summary": "The Android Developer Intern worked at Appyhigh Technology Llp, a company located in Gurgaon, Haryana, from December 2022 to June 2023. During their tenure, they had notable experiences that included eradicating various critical bugs which lowered crash rates by 30% and coding clean, efficient, maintainable code. They also leveraged the modern MVVM design pattern incorporating dynamic modules which resulted in a 15% UI performance gain. In addition, they collaborated with the core team and designed 3 innovative utility applications that solved daily challenges faced by customers."}
{"community": "1-127", "summary": "The individual was the captain of a winning volleyball team and used this skill to participate in Yalgaar\u201923, Cultural Fest of IIIT Una & 6th INTER-IIIT Sports Meet. This event was significant as it was not only a cultural fest but also the 6th Inter-IIIT sports meet. The individual's volleyball skills were instrumental in securing a victory at the event.\n"}
{"community": "1-129", "summary": "Vaibhav Nagpal is a person who holds two degrees. The first degree is a BE in Mechanical, which he obtained in 2022 from Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology, Patiala, with a score of 75.10 percent. The second degree is an MBA in Marketing and Business Analytics, which he is expected to complete in 2024 from LM Thapar School of Management, Dera Bassi, Chandigarh, with a current score of 72.20 percent."}
{"community": "1-130", "summary": "The information indicates that two academic degrees were obtained from Modern Vidya Niketan, Aravali Hills, Faridabad. The first one, CBSE Class XII, was achieved in 2019 with a percentage of 72.40, and the second one, CBSE Class X, was attained in 2017 with a percentage of 84.00."}
{"community": "1-131", "summary": "The Product Marketing Intern is currently employed at Smiths Detection Systems Private Limited. They have been working there since January 2024."}
{"community": "1-133", "summary": "The Marketing Team, a strategic decision-making entity within the company, uses Data and Insights for their operations. They also maintain the Marketing Brochures, which are materials on the website showcasing product offerings and competitive positioning. The liaison between the Marketing Team and other teams such as the Sales Team, Product Development Team, and Customer Service Team is the Primary Point Of Contact. This role serves to facilitate communication and collaboration between these disparate teams."}
{"community": "1-134", "summary": "The Business Development Intern role at Pregrad Pvt. Ltd. required skills in marketing, sales, product development, and customer service. The tenure of this role was from June 2023 to July 2023. During this period, the intern worked on projects that involved generating leads via platforms such as Zuno, Unstop, and strategic outreach in WhatsApp groups."}
{"community": "1-135", "summary": "The Marketing and Business Development Intern worked at a company called Skillonation Kids from April 2023 to May 2023. During the internship, the intern completed several projects including establishing partnerships with college TPOs to drive sales and leveraging webinar data and school partnerships to engage K-12 parents, promoting courses. They also created impactful webinar posters and conducted market research with SWOT analysis, enabling informed decision-making through competitive insights."}
{"community": "1-136", "summary": "The Market Research Analyst Intern worked at the company Bharatverse during April, 2023. During their tenure, they performed targeted surveys on metaverse and cryptocurrency trends, gathering valuable insights. They also analyzed data, contributing meaningfully to team decision-making."}
{"community": "1-137", "summary": "The skill of Data Analytics Using Power Bi was utilized in January 2023. During this period, it was used specifically for the task of analyzing call center data. The analysis was carried out with the aim to improve customer retention and promote diversity by monitoring."}
{"community": "1-193", "summary": "The certification \"Data Science With Python,\" which involves 68 hours of training, is issued by the company Simplilearn. This certification has been ongoing since February 2023."}
{"community": "1-194", "summary": "The Fundamentals Of Digital Marketing and Google Analytics Individual Qualification are both certifications issued by the company Google. The Fundamentals Of Digital Marketing certification, which involves 40 hours of training, is valid from February 2023 to February 2024. The Google Analytics Individual Qualification, a 6-hour course, is valid from January 2023 to January 2024."}
{"community": "1-195", "summary": "The company TIET has issued a variety of certifications. These include \"Financial Data Analytics With Excel And Power Bi,\" which is a 25-hour course offered from August 2022 to the present. Additionally, TIET provides several other certifications, such as \"Data Visualization Using Tableau,\" \"Business Analytics Edge With Python,\" and \"Power Business Intelligence,\" each of which has been available from January 2022 to the present and varies from 20 to 50 hours in length."}
{"community": "1-170", "summary": "A Subject Matter Expert specializing in Advanced Mathematics is currently working at the company Chegg. Their role involves providing high-quality solutions for advanced mathematics questions, ensuring accuracy and clarity. This position has been held since November 2022. Moreover, a general Subject Matter Expert, who is responsible for generating insightful visualizations to present key findings, has also worked at Chegg."}
{"community": "1-190", "summary": "Prabhjot Singh is a person who can be contacted through phone number +91 7027190061 or email at contact@prabhjot-singh.com. You can also find him on Linkedin at prabhjot-singh7531 and on Github under the username RoxGamer. His educational background includes a B.E. in Computer Engineering with a CGPA of 8.55/10 from Thapar Institute Of Engineering And Technology, Patiala, where he studied from July 2020 to May 2024. He also studied Financial Markets And Derivatives with a Grade A at Futures First from July 2022 to Dec 2023. Furthermore, he completed his Class XII (Cbse) with a percentage of 96.4% at S.D. Vidya Mandir School, Panipat in March 2020. The skills he has include Teamwork, Time Management, Problem Solving, and being articulate, which he obtained while studying for his Class XII (Cbse)."}
{"community": "1-220", "summary": "During June 2023 to August 2023, Celebal Technologies employed a Data Engineering Intern with a Silver Badge. The intern gained proficiency in Python Programming and SQL Database Management during their tenure. They worked on two significant projects - designing and implementing a User Authentication System using Python and MySQL, and implementing error-handling mechanisms for user existence checks and password validation. Additionally, the intern obtained a Blockchain A-Z certification from Celebal Technologies."}
{"community": "1-214", "summary": "The project \"Architech- Generative AI\" is designed to develop an AI that can generate 2D floor plans based on text prompts. To achieve this, the project utilized the skill set of Diffusion Model and GANs."}
{"community": "1-217", "summary": "Reverb is a decentralised music application (Dapp) that allows users to stream songs after making a one-time payment of 0.1 SOL using the Phantom Wallet. The app is developed on the Solana Blockchain which manages the streaming of music using the Quicknode API and Cloudinary. Therefore, the skills used in the development of Reverb include Solana, Quicknode, Cloudinary, and Phantom Wallet."}
{"community": "1-222", "summary": "The Central Board Of Secondary Education conducted the 10th degree, with a noted percentage of 91.4. This degree was offered by the Delhi Public School in Jalandhar."}
{"community": "1-223", "summary": "The Intern worked at two companies, Ernst And Young and Trading Game Strong, which is a company focused on live trading simulations and curriculum enhancement. During the internship at Trading Game Strong, which was located in New Delhi, the intern participated in live trading simulations and collaborated with instructors and fellow teaching assistants to enhance the curriculum. The intern also worked on two projects - the Key-Based Automation System For Excel and Bespoke Software Solution. The former is a sophisticated key-based automation system for Excel that significantly reduced manual workload, while the latter is a bespoke software solution that streamlined processes and exemplified efficiency & innovation in work execution."}
{"community": "1-225", "summary": "The skill, Microsoft Power Bi, has been used in the project of creating Comprehensive Dashboards. These dashboards provided a detailed overview of tax and revenue metrics within a company."}
{"community": "1-230", "summary": "The Econ Club at TIET has organized various certifications and job titles. It has arranged certifications such as 'Data Visualization With Tableau' which is due in July 2023, 'Trading in The Zone -Technical Analysis' which is due in February 2023, 'Trading in The Zone -Elementary' due by January 2023, and 'Finlatics Financial Market Expert' which was due in April 2022. In addition to these, the Econ Club also organized job titles like 'Publicity Head Mudra Society' for the period of August 2021-22 and 'Vice Head Boy Delhi Public School, Jalandhar' from July 2019 to March 2020."}
{"community": "1-233", "summary": "Karamveer Kaur is a person who can be reached at +91 7042826227 or karamveer.k2000gmail.com and has a LinkedIn profile. She has three degrees: B. Tech in Biotechnology, CBSE Class XII, and CBSE Class X. She obtained her B. Tech degree from Delhi Technological University during the period 2020-2024 with a CGPA of 8.24. Her CBSE Class XII degree was completed in 2019 with an 85% score, and her CBSE Class X degree was finished in 2017 with a perfect 10 CGPA. Both her CBSE degrees were obtained from D.A.V Public School in New Delhi."}
{"community": "1-234", "summary": "The Quality Assurance Analyst Intern worked at Vanguard Diagnostics Pvt. Ltd. during the period from June 2023 to July 2023. During this tenure, they used their skill in Mindray Cal 8000's Labxpert Data Analysis Software, which can automatically detect abnormal samples in the analysis. The intern worked under the supervision of the Technical Director in the Quality Control and Production Department."}
{"community": "1-235", "summary": "The Research Scientist Intern worked at the ICAR - Central Institute for Research on Buffaloes from December 2022 to January 2023. During this period, they were involved in working on ELISA techniques for endocrinological studies. The intern has a wide range of skills, which includes being trained in ELISA plate, rapid card test production, and developing biochemical tests for Typhoid. Furthermore, the intern has practical training in diverse biotechnological tools for disease diagnosis including techniques such as PCR, ELISA, 2-D Electrophoresis, HPLC, and cell culture."}
{"community": "1-72", "summary": "The Weather App Using React Js is a project that developed a responsive Weather App using skills such as React.js, OpenWeatherMap API and Modern Javascript. React.js and OpenWeatherMap API were specifically used in the development of the Weather App. The app takes the name of a place as input from the user and displays the current temperature, weather, and humidity. Modern Javascript was not only used in the development of the Weather App but also specifically used for building the app."}
{"community": "1-77", "summary": "The Coordinator worked at the company named Yuvaan Creative Department from June 2022 to September 2023. Their role involved leading a team of creatives in transforming event spaces through innovative designs and decorations for a successful college fest."}
{"community": "1-78", "summary": "The Joint Secretary of NATIONAL STUDENTS UNION OF INDIA (NSUI) and the Delhi Technological University (DTU) oversaw the artistic vision, enhancing the aesthetic experience of a college fest through innovative designs and decorations. The Joint Secretary is also a crucial part of the 15-student NSUI executive committee at DTU, participating actively in decision-making and leading projects to meet the needs of students."}
{"community": "1-47", "summary": "The person has a diverse range of experiences, including in student leadership, tutoring, and competition participation. They have collaborated with other student leaders to execute campaigns impacting the welfare of over 1000 DTU students, which included advocacy for academic reforms and student support services. They also have experience in tutoring students for CBSE examinations from class 8th to 12th. Additionally, they have participated in the KPMG KIC competition. The person has been recognized as the winner of the Best Artist Award in the senior category during class XII. They also held the position of House Captain during class XII, leading a group of three members. This group participated in the Flip Kart Grid project, which included a total of 400,000 participants and managed to clear the first round."}
{"community": "1-48", "summary": "Vishal Singh, born on March 12, 2000, resides at H.No 16-A, East Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, East Delhi, Delhi 110092. He can be reached at vishalsingh_ee20a15_53@dtu.ac.in or +91 -9315939075. He is also active on LinkedIn, Leetcode, CodingNinjas, and GitHub. Vishal is pursuing his B.Tech in Electrical Engineering with a current CGPA of 8.10. He completed his CBSE Class XII with 76.0% and Class X with a CGPA of 9.4 at Adarsh Vidya Bhawan, Delhi. In addition to his academics, Vishal has interests and hobbies in programming, football, badminton, and gaming."}
{"community": "1-140", "summary": "The Usip Internship, which involves the role of report and documentation, was supervised by Prof. S.K.Garg. Prof. S.K.Garg is not only a guide but also holds the job title of Hod Mech. Dep."}
{"community": "1-141", "summary": "The Joint Secretary Post was a position held at the company named Cognitive Minds. The individual in this role was responsible for overseeing strategic direction and operations, managing a dynamic team of 250+ society members and a junior council of 17+, and successfully orchestrating 15+ events in various debate formats and public speaking forums. Additionally, the position of Co-Head, PR and Publicity was also held at Cognitive Minds from June 2022 to May 2023, indicating that the company had a range of high-level roles."}
{"community": "1-145", "summary": "Aditi, a female born on 25th February 2002, has studied at several institutions including Malaviya National Institute Of Technology Jaipur (Mnit), Punjab University, and Dav College. She has obtained a degree in M.Sc and also graduated in 2020 with a CGPA of 89%. Her contact information includes an email address: aditinagpal6472@gmail.com, a physical address: St.no.1 Model Town Abohar, Punjab 152116, and a phone number: 9041898397."}
{"community": "1-169", "summary": "The project \"Sales Data Analysis With Excel\" involves analyzing sales patterns and trends from over 31,000 rows of data. The project aims to enhance data analysis efficiency by sorting and cleaning the raw data. This process requires specific skills such as data analysis, sorting and cleaning raw data, creating pivot tables, and generating visualizations. The project's final output includes charts, pivot tables, and insightful visualizations to present key findings."}
{"community": "1-171", "summary": "The Institute identified as Ncc has issued two certifications. The first one is the 'B Certificate', and the second is the 'C Certificate'. These certifications are attained from NCC."}
{"community": "1-160", "summary": "Harsh Kumar, a person who is keen on working in an organization promoting freedom and initiative, is currently studying for a Masters of Business Administration at the Netaji Subhash University Of Technology. He began his studies in August 2022 and is still ongoing. Harsh is dedicated to contributing to his future company's vision and his self-development by taking on significant roles."}
{"community": "1-161", "summary": "The Masters of Business Administration degree was obtained at the Netaji Subhash University of Technology. This degree, which is currently being pursued from August 2022, specializes in Operations and Business Analytics, with a SGPA of 8.6. The university is located in Dwarka, Delhi."}
{"community": "1-162", "summary": "The Bachelor of Technology degree was obtained at ABES Institute of Technology. This degree, achieved from 2018 to 2022, was in Mechanical Engineering with a completion percentage of 86.40%. ABES Institute of Technology is located in Ghaziabad, India."}
{"community": "1-163", "summary": "The Senior School Certificate, a degree, was obtained at The Doon Valley Public School in Deoband, Saharanpur, India. This certificate was earned between April 2017 and March 2018 with an impressive 80.8% in Class XII, including PCM with Computer Science."}
{"community": "1-166", "summary": "Myginny Infotech Private Limited, a company based in Noida, has employed a Full Stack Developer from March 2024 to the present. The developer has utilized their skills in Reactjs, Redux, and Next.Js for developing dynamic web applications, designing, and integrating entire websites, ensuring seamless user experiences and responsive layouts. Additionally, the developer used Fastapi to develop robust APIs for seamless communication between frontend and backend systems."}
